Add scenario for exchanging Files by using Attributes (#297)
nmshd/documentation: _docs_use-cases/use-case-transport-load-item-from-truncated-reference.md

{% include properties_list.html %}

> This use case intends to load an entity by its `reference` received by a peer. Internally, it is using the specific use cases of each entity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This use case intends to load an entity by its `reference` received by a peer. Internally, it used the specific use cases of each entity:
```
